Steven Austin sausti12@jhu.edu
Nathaniel Rhodes nrhodes5@jhu.edu
Jung Yang jyang99@jhu.edu
Andrew Shiau ashiau1@jhu.edu
Team: SOL

Assignment 9 Updates

10+ Critical Fixes

1. Inconsistent and unoriginal audio
A new audio track was composed and added to our third level

2. No movement sound effects for Mech
Sound effects were added for the mech stepping, landing, and jumping. The explosion sound effect
was also reworked.

3. Inconsistent Level 1 Graphics
All level 1 graphics are now original works and fit with our overall theme and art style.

4. No sense of depth or immersion with game environment
Multiple background layers with parallax scrolling were added on level one. Backgrounds
with multiple layers will be supported on all levels

5. Minimal particles and JUICE
Shell casing and walking particles were added to enhance the game realism and JUICE

6. Kamikaze level too easy
The health of the kamikaze enemies was greatly increased along with their number

7. Unattractive HUD
The HUD was improved with an updated user interface and animations

8. Unintuitive High Score State
The old high score state simply asked the user to enter the name without revealing
the purpose. The new high score state informs the user of their high score within the prompt.

9. Unappealing Title Screen
The game name was decided, and new, more visually appealing, title screen was created.

10. Abrupt Level Transitions
Level transitions are smoother now with an audio and visual fade out

11. Inability to crouch
The player can now crouch when playing as the Mech

12. Fixed bugs with floor and score
The player can no longer fall through the floor, and the score updates now


Code was refactored and reorganized the previous week, but additional minor refactoring occurred throughout. Methods and classes were also better commented to aid in future support. Our two most significant bugs, falling through the floor and the score failing to update, were also fixed.

The majority of changes focused on our artwork. Level 1 graphics are now all original and consistent with our artistic style and overall vision for the game. The player HUD is updated and now animated. The Player can crouch in mech form, and the overall JUICE of the game was enhanced through the addition of new particles and sounds.

Controls:
WASD - movement
K - Jump (ground only). Hold jump while in air to hover
Space - Shoot
LShift - toggle mode
I - toggle invincibility

Credits
Music: 	Nighogg soundtrack by Daedelus,
		Spiral Knights soundtrack
Images: Image: Stealth Hawk Alien Landscape
		Image: http://www.forwallpaper.com/wallpaper/art-qauz-space-planets-moon-moon-rings-landscape-128478.html
		Explosion Sprite sheet http://rtype-2014-minetta.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/img/
		